The idea of total cleansing of the lands, including all Bosnia and two-thirds of the Croatia, with the total loss of 300,000 soldiers, that is general maintenance of Serbian action.
At this point they did not succeed.
pushing to do domestic things in my land, but they did not succeed.
Now, upon the other generation, how do we view the advantages?
That maybe we have a fresh start.
Maybe it's not ridiculous, but we have a fresh start.
To develop some kind of sustainable society.
both economic and both political.
It will be the tricky area in terms of our politics.
It will be under pressure.
Every time you could, when one knew that your sector, or believe me, is not talking to our politicians.
He is doing something to achieve.
I hope that he will come quite often to St.
George and the crew, of course,
We will be thinking earlier for the investment.
Because there is no way that anyone will allow us to be wired and to help the army that is still 50% of our world-class national border and no way that anyone will support us if we are not what we really are.
I think it's just a normal
I was actually trying to have much more anger than the third and fourth and fourth.
Well, you know, you meet that soldier on the line in general, you're actually absolutely mortified, shocked, surprised.
And they don't have to, first of all, have to tie the game, and second of all, so surprised you can't comprehend the people they knew about town to survive and go to Belgrade for a vacation.
There's anger that comes from looking at it more.
It builds in your life.
Sometimes, sometimes, they're all wrong.
You can't have doing deep, deep, deep hurt.
You can't sometimes go in the rocks instead of finding screenwriters.
You know, they relax in your life.
They can hold it like that and you better shut up.
Does that angle spin over to Kosovo?
You mean?
Well, I think the Kosovo is, you know, what kind of Kosovo that they use every six months in the paper, but, you know, how do you feel about baking for the dinner?
I don't know.
I think most of you, if you read Richard Hawthorne's piece in the show for this group, this one, it's quite interesting, because he really hits his house in the cabins, and he's got an emotion with some targets, and a lot of himself, after the massacre, in the progress of the name of last year.
And the emotions, as soon as he put on the cowboy American, which is that when he's going out and robbing him, he's dead.
So, I don't know if there's any sort of rules to keep playing games for the first time.
That was supposed to be who he was doing.
I think he's done it.
He was never really into it.
He was going to make some cash.
He's a big piece of property and a big man.
He's really a true way in time.
You know, what do you think?
I don't know.
That's a lot of information.
Questions?
I'm trying to say, people who are angry and are so angry, some things that have to be successful, help you get over, and some things that are angry, do you think that's great?
Because I think in general,
I think that I have an instant meaning that we don't have, unfortunately, a symbolical action.
I think that there is no way that it's to, you know, to persecute all the world.
What the hell?
On one level, the people prosecute at the range of the tribunal is taken with the prostitute.
But the existence of the tribunal only is not yet.
The work is the tribunal is taken.
Means a lot, a new roster.
Regardless of their tenure,
to do not turn out what is here on the daily basis of 100% of people.
This process is no action part.
The goal is that people are the understanding of the country.
When we will see what will happen in the future, I am optimistic, I am more.
Tragic guilt.
That's the world.
Because right now we are in a position of some kind of fascination of our actions.
But no one in Bosnia feels himself as a winner or as a loser.
That's the point.
This war ended one year ago.
So I don't feel that I live in this world, not the world, the world is over, but no one...
No one will allow this to happen.
Control of this area now is under social responsibility of the United States involved in all these projects.
And definitely, the United States are performing a magnificent part of the testing of the alliance, of the left alliance,
and working is just a case study.
Just a case study.
Because you have a mighty organization called NATO, which never worked it out.
It does not have an action.
It took eight months of negotiating.
Who's in charge?
Who will issue executive order of that?
and acts both upon the Regulation of the Security Council and both as they are leaving the military force.
Eight months of fruitful negotiations between the Allies before we had experienced on the ground how different times they found out in the Bombas Union.
with all the major penalties in relation to the world.
While at the same time, I would say that I would not believe it enough.
I am here talking about musical sounds, a different kind of a sound of things for all the other people.
It is not the word between Mento and the Balkans story now, it is the word between Mento and Russia.
And why not that's the style because there were anti-procites.
They are very likely aiming to enter the majority of the French and American things because of the security area.
So we are under all the countries and they have the .
Every time when there is a moment of momentum ahead, a step ahead, someone from their background wants to pull it and tell them, let's deduce something not to be too, not to be honest with you.
Just curious, you seem very optimistic.
I was wondering, was the president passed more than anyone responsible for that?
Like you said, it seemed like you came more favorably in the profile.
A responsible woman.
I mean, if you look at the search, you see, you know, you get breached.
We often do definitely do responsibility.
I don't encourage you to show much and much, but you can actually recognize the responsibility of the religion that is responsible.
The responsibility also lies to bringing the Chinese people partly conflicted together.
And what was it said?
On that, what was it?
On the bottom of this month, before the iron, before the tearing down the old breach in Mostar, it was shown right there, like it's still under cover, as you feel.
But what I noticed is because of the start of all this story, and then the pain made, the iron would be the body, the brutal scene for the mountain population.
And Ayodhadev may be for the part of everything that he was not very sincere.
The president told us that when they were so often, he was not right.
He was very aware of what he knew.
He went there.
But with regards to like the arms environment and stuff, unfairness provided, you do not see any responsibility.
I have a little bit of a thing about the arms environment.
Well, without the surveillance or the under-framing,
But you know what the funny thing is about it?
It's not that we are desperately in need of the weapons.
It's the thing that we have to buy this weapons and we know at those states who have the weapons.
That practically means that someone did not earn a lot of money by saying that the weapons aren't involved.
What is $100 like for the environment is $500.
This is the most difficult, monthly account of this era to put yourself in.
It effectively means that someone controlled for the situation of standing beyond.
Because we are crossed by the referee in order to survive.
In the current, there is no...
There's no way he arms into Bosnia.
It doesn't look like he was serving as a service plan.
When I was saying what the Russians gave a service plan.
Sure.
Well, a lot of it was just a service character.
Right.
But it just wasn't a level of the same deal as the U.N.
You know?
Yeah.
I mean, you wouldn't have been written.
Well, I'm just wondering... The U.N.
is nothing more than you think it is.
Passive, bureaucratic.
If you use, I just want it from a Bible perspective, to decide how that came out, how that would work out.
It was that they put down the model as a prevention that the war is already... The wise people, the strategists, already have warned about the possibility that a body of war might occur on the horizon.
That is what they do.
But reality is different.
You have to buy the arms.
Whatever gives you the best price or the best price.
You're going to ask for the LID.
Or you cannot say for your provider.
And the extent of the arms, you know, the homogeneity, lots of support, all the services you have,
is quite astonishing.
Phil Goldbach was going to talk about in the military.
How is content being portrayed in schools?
Is there any sort of discussion about how it's being presented to students on a wide-up scale, or is it just kind of up here?
Is there any sort of information on that, or how the content is about the possibility of things like that?
Right now, in this moment, 18 of the 18 elected professors in the third generation, like in Pittsburgh, they've been put very on of the study towards the aim of the program is how to implement the living life of the learning and the curriculum.
Now there's a special cut.
in the process, regardless of the form of how we present the things, what am I right, or do I have a right, and what I do, of the government, .
Our, for me, our agency is the U.S.
to appeal to the U.S.
So we are introducing these things that are interesting in the program to give us a necessary background in the background building and the background support.
But when we enter the stage to reform, I want you secondary and higher education.
Because today the war is not a particular good place between any sort of transformation and any sort of reform.
If you can maintain the educational system, that's okay.
But please don't change it.
Educational institutions are more or less changeable.
They have a changeable structure, have some kind of autonomy.
So the issue of changing the curriculum, the changing of the profile,
of the habits of the students and the working habits of the nation, largely depend on the development of all the society.
So it would be useless to have a musical school if you are desperately needed to pretend, I don't know, that's what you knew, or whatever.
But the universities are the places where these things can be done on a daily basis.
because of the concentration of the professor and because the university knows how to do this.
It might be interesting to you that the government just, according to the record and the constitution, reform the central government or the federal government do not have any responsibilities for the university.
So it practically means that
We are talking about something, a mixture of the system between the United States and the Germany, when the minister is not involved in the process of discrimination, in each of other organizations.
That will bring the spirit, that will open the door of the audience of the UK.
who they think, what they want, and how to learn it.
And it could be a variety of different kinds of development, but very intensive development.
And that is a good thing, because if you put the power to the local community, send the local community provider of everything, so the money, the food, the maintenance.
There is no one above who will take care
That's the whole issue about being irresponsible.
So we will be very busy about to survive in terms of our home budget, so we will not stop that.
Yes, this is a question for either speaker, and you actually filled up Bill's carrot made with Jesus.
When we talk about cooperation between people, the key importance that you usually look at is trust and the level of trust between people.
Other than watching for care, what signpost community or would you be looking for to kind of show the guy's trust is being built between one party?
Do you mean you're being very optimistic
I think people will feed off that optimism, but there has to be some concrete scientists that they have.
And one of the things I'm thinking of making is sharing a group, electricity group, something like that along those lines.
What scientists would you suggest that we look for to show that it is moving in the right direction?
It doesn't take a while.
Obviously, right.
The last one, this 22 years, is there anything that you should look at?
There's a certain article in your time by a small village up in the north that was all three groups were operated with a back group.
And it probably started out there before it started.
It was out there, you know, a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit.
I don't see that happening.
It's just how it is right now.
It's going to take a while.
Most things happen, but it's going to take a while.
You should look for them.
There's nothing that we can really accomplish in the next few years.
Well, I don't know.
My optimism is that it comes to a quiet moment.
It's just what I want to do.
Mind is rooted in...
something that I learned from my own history in my country.
It's an amazing type of tool that can be developed in the community.
So everything, any sort of reaction that you have in this particular issue is welcomed into the momentum that can provide
I'm quite optimistic because I have a set of extra-normal examples of people living, loving, and working together, regardless of the differences between them.
If that hope is gone,
I knew that, as you know, from the current lecture in the Greek literature, folks will dry off and folks, of course, as you can call, blind.
But there are some points in the pictures of the present at the point that gives you best time of the opportunity.
Communication will be intentional.
I mean, communication between the people, exchanging of the views,
free access to the media.
We have enough education, enough communication, but you know, communication is a crazy issue.
People who can use the relations of people who will be a little bit more informed,
And let's face it, total destruction of the country got
26 billions of dollars.
This is OK.
40 billions of dollars is the cost of entering the arms of the atomic bomb that was projected only in Russia only.
They are not talking about other countries like Syria or the Ukraine.
But we are now in the baptism.
We are now being analyzed on a lot of different things.
Are we capable?
And what are we capable to hold our future into life?
We have a tutor, we have an international tutor.
You are living in a little bit of democracy, maybe in Sebastian.
That's the very hard thing to do.
Until things go better in long distance and controlled space.
I mean, in a controlled space.
That's the whole point, right?
The tremendous effort that the UN State Department did in the future.
Maybe you're going to catch it in your news and maybe ask yourself a question, why these talks took so long time?
Why all these conferences?
Why all these visits?
Why all these things?
Good evening, it can't be in that way.
It can't be in that way because we didn't part in the cellar's place.
with the contribution of the country, with the process of the future, and, of course, with the involvement of the community in the world, new people are
I have to say something also is that I'm sure that many of you are sitting here today
And there is a possibility, a strong possibility, about next summer to be promoted.
KSQ was about it, you looked at it a little bit earlier, that we will have a service here in this project.
We're going to be taking a motion to Virginia.
We're going to take a motion to Virginia.
We're going to take a motion to Virginia last summer in St.
Lawrence University.
where we will send a group of students out there who will be given an introduction to the area.
the last four years in Bosnia and the country's development efforts to join our real solid in developing academic and development to that country and to the way people are working for the future.
Then in the afternoon, team students up with other students from the University of Ontario to meet any number of service projects.
I think if you were doing English tutoring or working in soccer camps or as you
see in the film today that the building effort is so important getting out there and actually doing some work with any number of things that need to be done and i think you're setting up such a very exciting opportunity because what we need to do is grab people in your age you get out there need your cup of hearts and very able to make those friendships and make those connections that will go in the culture
The concept is very simple.
In fact, as many American students for the case of Boston, because that would be our reference that we can come from.
The soldiers are now returning from the Bosnia.
Because it was not a bloody war like in Vietnam, I think that the central thing that they can tell in their families is a reference for the future of Bosnia.
On that way, the people trying to focus
There is a very special program in the previous type of simple stories.
What is so specific about the Bosque?
Maybe you are from the spot understanding what is going on and what are the troubles and challenges in front of us.
I don't think that this is too much that you are unable to understand it.
And you see the way it's going.
And then you see the attitude of the people over the land there and over the area.
That's what needs to be.
You know, imagine your camp just being a camp in the history of all the architecture.
It will be a boring place if you're on the ground.
It will be, or even a boring place, the house, the building, the museum, got their full meaning if there are people around.
You know, who cares about the library without a user?
Who will read the books?
Who will preview the books if there is no reader to buy it?
I think that people are in the communication between the people and of course changing of their ideas and although you are only capable to make sure to hold the liberal emphasis in the 21st century as I was mentioning this morning of the college would like to open and be prepared for the type of internationalization in the 21st century and
On my side, I would like to see, uh, I would like to see the department of these opinions.
Well, um, if, if, if there are any more questions, I'm sure that you can, uh, you know, grab hold of some of our speakers, um, but I, I just haven't, I think that, um, uh, kind of, so, no, I want some things, uh, clearly, you know.